Faculty Office Hours: looks like you're the first one here.
Faculty Office Hours: it's probably just how people are getting lead, and now that I started the meeting.
Faculty Office Hours: Here comes everybody and Karen Jim Christian James.
Faculty Office Hours: And a couple others might be joining.
Faculty Office Hours: Alright, so let's to go first.
Jim Clark: well.
Jim Clark: i'll say I have something I think is a rookie mistake but.
Jim Clark: I want to save that for toward the end because I don't think it's going to take 30 seconds or take five minutes so so it's a it's about trying to run vs vs code so.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, worries.
Jim Clark: So we just put on the list for now until some national big question.
Faculty Office Hours: sounds good.
Christian Gover: I don't have a rigorous question I just.
Christian Gover: I was asked what was the homework do it let's do this Thursday or the 11th because the announcements say it's the 11th.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me, let me make sure I put the right Dave on.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me log in and double check.
Jim Clark: The words this week and then I check today that said it's been pushed back to the 11th.
Faculty Office Hours: step back a week.
Karen Fireman: right as an extra week.
Christian Gover: But now yeah that's like almost two weeks, so I mean three weeks right.
Karen Fireman: If it's do the election, I think he normally does two weeks, and again.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's not one it's usually two.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay okay.
Faculty Office Hours: everything's done to thank you Kara.
Christian Gover: Okay, and I guess My other question was around the turning in the files, we just need to turn in three files and you don't.
Faculty Office Hours: want to ship them out.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah just dip them up in the zip so you'd have basic you have your gamble file for how you created your.
Faculty Office Hours: Your.
Faculty Office Hours: Environment and you'd have to Python files and then to data files just to that have the code at you, the data and the code, I need to run.
Faculty Office Hours: And it's like said, if your data is like you know, hundreds of thousands of rows just take a subset of it, I don't yes, what about building a great model per se it's just making sure that.
Faculty Office Hours: it's just making sure you understood the steps of how to do that and kind of basically taking the code, I gave you and making it your own with your own data set.
Christian Gover: Okay, so you want the code to.
Faculty Office Hours: Do the Code and the end the data.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay double check make sure that that's explicitly said, and I think it is.
Christian Gover: I just said, the yam as well, and then the pickle phone is not Sae found a job live file but that's fine out i'll turn everything in that.
Faculty Office Hours: If it says that off correct that make sure right.
Faculty Office Hours: I thought I updated that.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me make sure that.
Faculty Office Hours: I check real quick make sure that it's.
Christian Gover: Maybe it's been updated I.
Faculty Office Hours: know you know what that's weird.
Faculty Office Hours: that's that's not the right So if you go look at the handout.
Faculty Office Hours: I sent the I know I did hold on one second if you go look at the i'll uh i'll make sure I let everybody know.
Faculty Office Hours: If you go look at the handouts for the week.
Faculty Office Hours: I didn't I didn't I that last year I forgot to say turning all that So if you go look at the handouts I.
Faculty Office Hours: There sign it has more information and deliverables let me fix that thanks for pointing that out, for some reason I uploaded.
Faculty Office Hours: that happen.
Faculty Office Hours: Because that's because it has the right date on there, but it doesn't have the right, so yeah So if you look at the slides for the whole like all the slides for the week.
Faculty Office Hours: It has the assignment one at the end, and then the deliverable it says like one zip file with the following right and as you and will file the job live and pickle and right.
Faculty Office Hours: So I mean.
Karen Fireman: Are you.
Karen Fireman: seeing these.
Faculty Office Hours: Seeing what the.
Karen Fireman: What i'm talking about work.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so basically when you go to the when you go to the homework assignments.
Karen Fireman: On you cannot see I see number three.
Faculty Office Hours: share your screen.
Karen Fireman: ice cream.
Of course.
Karen Fireman: we're gonna go.
i'm gonna share my.
Faculty Office Hours: screen share here i'll just share my.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries, let me get.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me get you campus can you all see my screen yep so you campus.
Monica A. Harwig: Yes.
Faculty Office Hours: How that happened.
Faculty Office Hours: it's got the right date but it doesn't it has.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah thanks for pointing that out, I don't know how that happened.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah when you go to your homework assignments, right here i'm Professor.
Faculty Office Hours: Johnston and you click assignment one.
Faculty Office Hours: So see right here this says the deliverables that's not right on my why that it should say.
Faculty Office Hours: The stuff I got of the course notes.
Faculty Office Hours: For week one.
Faculty Office Hours: And then I did the updated presentation.
Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: This way there yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: You see, right here there's more information.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I don't know why it's I don't know how it, how it got out of date, but let me i'll i'll fix that right away.
Faculty Office Hours: Thanks for.
Faculty Office Hours: pointing that out because.
Christian Gover: I think what the slide I was looking at was the one from the course notes section and that one's not updated either.
Christian Gover: For you have a zip file with all like the code.
Christian Gover: yeah yeah that one was that's the one I was looking at.
Christian Gover: But there's so there's like three slides I guess.
Faculty Office Hours: With the homework that does that's weird i'm looking at.
Faculty Office Hours: assignment one and it has all that in there.
Faculty Office Hours: that's weird.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, if I go look at the zip file.
Faculty Office Hours: I did I did.
Faculty Office Hours: Like if I go right here.
Faculty Office Hours: So come right here.
Faculty Office Hours: And then click right here, and I say.
Christian Gover: Oh, that one's been updated yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah thought so I thought so Okay, yes it's just for some reason it's the it's the I don't fix that right now.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't know how that even got.
Faculty Office Hours: The wrong file.
Karen Fireman: Jamie I have a question for you.
Karen Fireman: Sure, when I open the same thing I only see assignment three Is there something I do I need to get out of the campus.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Karen Fireman: i'm reading here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you're referring that you're connected twice somehow.
Karen Fireman: Do I have to get out of the campus.
Faculty Office Hours: get out of the campus.
well.
Karen Fireman: Oh, I see is number three.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go to try to our homework assignments, right here.
Karen Fireman: Wait a minute, let me show you my mind, can I show you mine yeah please do.
Karen Fireman: All right, you got a ball, let me let.
Karen Fireman: me let.
Faculty Office Hours: me stop sharing.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so.
Karen Fireman: here.
Karen Fireman: Jamie.
Karen Fireman: mean.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't see your campus.
Karen Fireman: Were any campus.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't see it on your screen, I see.
Karen Fireman: My screen.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I see a different screen, I think I see like oh.
Karen Fireman: hey we do the other side.
You say.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I can't.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so Jamie.
Faculty Office Hours: click the link right click there and go down a little.
Faculty Office Hours: game go to to the homework silence pressure one.
Faculty Office Hours: wow.
Christian Gover: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: You only see assignment three.
Karen Fireman: Well that's what I was saying, do I need to get out of it and then.
Faculty Office Hours: i'll just stay right there for just a second.
Faculty Office Hours: Individual style.
Karen Fireman: Last class.
Faculty Office Hours: I see how Javier I know what happened Javier was updating these for me to make them all individual assignments.
Faculty Office Hours: And he didn't mark to make the assignment available, give me one second i'm fixing that right now.
Faculty Office Hours: Give me one second you all see it, I apologize.
Faculty Office Hours: Because it was available.
James Kramer: last words are great leader just throw that the blame on somebody else.
Faculty Office Hours: Perfect no no i'll be here before class on on last Thursday, he goes hey good question are you doing group or.
Faculty Office Hours: Individual silence and it's all individual I don't have any group stuff and he goes all updated i'm wondering if, when he updated it he accidentally unchecked and make it make it make it visible for me now i'm not trying.
Faculty Office Hours: to throw under the bus I just i'm just confused i'm like.
Faculty Office Hours: It was there last week and I don't know why.
Faculty Office Hours: This is not letting me have to get Javier to help assignment three so already butter right now.
Karen Fireman: So.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you can refresh refresh.
Faculty Office Hours: There you go.
Karen Fireman: Now, I just have one in three.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'm fixing that.
Karen Fireman: Okay it's getting the room i'm.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'm on the back end he campus.
Faculty Office Hours: You won't see to yet, because a three shouldn't be available yet either because it's heavier set it up for me and we set it up you set it up, so that it.
Faculty Office Hours: It.
Faculty Office Hours: It doesn't display like you shouldn't see assignment three it's got the wrong date on there.
Faculty Office Hours: As what it is.
Karen Fireman: This is just where you put it in.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, correct that's just where we put it in, and then, if you click on the if you click on the.
Faculty Office Hours: If you click on the ice what happened, he picked the wrong thing.
Karen Fireman: You want to go back into one for the update.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah I gotta go back to that not to this one go back to a homework i'm Sorry, I just want to make sure it's right I.
Karen Fireman: apologize for any way we can get this not to sprint back like this.
Faculty Office Hours: I think it's just a.
Faculty Office Hours: it's a stone a bigger screen smaller right where your browser's.
Faculty Office Hours: is possibly.
Karen Fireman: I thought it was.
Faculty Office Hours: And it might be a setting.
Faculty Office Hours: So click that link, this is a town.
Faculty Office Hours: hall just want make sure that's want to make sure that's got the right so yeah see the deliverables now that's up to date, I don't know how the other file got long because.
Faculty Office Hours: We actually changed the bottom part and then change the date later from last year added a couple stuff to change the date, but the date was right within the bottom stuff wasn't there, so I don't know what happened but it's fixed now.
Faculty Office Hours: So sorry about that thanks for let me know if there's ever confusion like that, let me know.
Faculty Office Hours: have to get out of here to help me with assignment three do you see assignment three now.
Faculty Office Hours: Karen if you refresh the homework DC assignment three.
Karen Fireman: Let me check.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't mind.
Jim Clark: Oh, I see a sign that one.
Karen Fireman: scene one.
Faculty Office Hours: that's all you should see yeah.
Jim Clark: Right now.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, Okay, thank you, sorry i'm not trying to confuse you I promise Javier is very, very helpful he helps me set a lot of this up for me.
Faculty Office Hours: Over the holidays and he sets all these assignments up and puts the dates and all that and then he set up his group, and then on Tuesday is like hey i'm I change them to individual like you said, and then.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't know if somehow the date got messed up on three and then the two it got moved that the one got removed making available, so we should all be good they're.
Faculty Office Hours: All right.
Faculty Office Hours: What else we got sorry about that is that makes that makes sense now what's what's your turn in.
Jim Clark: yeah.
Karen Fireman: yeah I really thanks.
Faculty Office Hours: Thanks for clarifying that I truly am not trying to confuse you are basically the animal file, so that I can just take your email file and try to create the environment, you set up.
Faculty Office Hours: And don't you don't get like super crazy and put 42 packages out there, you know just put a couple right I don't know exactly what sort of the if I told you to put any I can't remember let's see when I say what did I say I said.
Faculty Office Hours: create an environment install the seaborne package and one other package so that way I don't not when i'm looking at your dmo file and testing it out.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's not trying to stall 40 packages just trying to stall those two and the dependencies and then like said, all I really need, then, if the animal file and then you're your Python and data.
Faculty Office Hours: That way, I can take your Python file your data file and run your code.
What else.
Faculty Office Hours: Who else has joined us.
Faculty Office Hours: 13 and Monica hey Saudi.
Faculty Office Hours: hey travis.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry, I got because I was, I was cooking on my grill before here.
shadi kilani: So even a brisket fan.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh yeah.
shadi kilani: I didn't know that about you i'm also I do I do a lot of brisket maybe we can talk about that later.
Faculty Office Hours: me yeah guess chat function, and let me put the images in there, I guess long.
Faculty Office Hours: that's gonna put put an image of one of the last person, I mean the chat for it.
Faculty Office Hours: Next.
Faculty Office Hours: Year we'll get through all the issues you have.
Christian Gover: I have a question.
Christian Gover: sure this is Christian.
Christian Gover: Christian so i'm trying to find the picked a data set and it has dates right and then run it through X well, well, I tried to import it to non pie i'm not able to read.
Faculty Office Hours: here's what i'll suggest for now.
Faculty Office Hours: Just finally dataset without dates.
Christian Gover: well.
Christian Gover: I just didn't include the dance is that OK, I just.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's fine, I guess, this is not about building a model, this is about getting the data splitting your y axis, and you know, training, a model I don't care if it's good or not that's Dr jones's class that's not this class.
Faculty Office Hours: saving up the.
Faculty Office Hours: pickle file, you know reading them back typical file doing a prediction against it so like said, really, the main things to think about is this your brain renewed read your data set and you're going to split the x's and y's.
Faculty Office Hours: Even a train that model against it and then at the bottom you're going to save it out to that binary file.
Faculty Office Hours: Your model your read that binary file back in and then you're going to run some predictions against them, so one one thing to remember is to make sure that that.
Faculty Office Hours: prediction part where you bring in your new X right list to protect against you want to make sure it's got the same number of variables, as your ex that in your training and testing data sets when you build your models that make sense.
Christian Gover: yeah that makes sense I just copied or record from my.
Faculty Office Hours: CSS exactly I said you don't have to.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm not looking to see if you.
Faculty Office Hours: created a new record from the old you know just copy align from the.
Faculty Office Hours: From the from the data set and for the axis and then practice correct against it it's, just like the hope you know the whole point of this exercise is to give you a.
Faculty Office Hours: Some code and to make it your own to your data set, and you know, save the predictions down we're going to build on this and then we're gonna I severance package, it up in a flash right rest service thrown into a docker container.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, show you how to deploy into Cooper daddy's until a cluster.
Faculty Office Hours: Based I will basically show you how we scale this thing up at scale on how companies like Amazon and walmart use technology like Cooper daddy's to build these these services, the scale of millions and billions of users, literally.
Karen Fireman: Jamie it's Karen i'm i'm sure you're telling us this because my reading of these three little cryptic sentence it's at the bottom I don't think I would have realized that we're supposed to run the models on it, but now I understand we run it and and.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah just yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Little happiness you wanted yeah basically The thing is, is just to take those two.
Faculty Office Hours: You know just take the to actually do is just grabbed mine put your own data sets and they're basically.
Karen Fireman: That product guy.
Karen Fireman: But far down we go I guess from the whole file.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah run all the way through the.
Faculty Office Hours: Evidence say about that file load it back in and then do a prediction against it.
Faculty Office Hours: That makes sense.
Karen Fireman: Where are we doing a prediction.
Faculty Office Hours: At the bottom, if you look at the bottom there's a predict function, so let me see, let me pull it up.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me get to my remote desktop i'll show you.
Karen Fireman: So in like the pickle final or.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so go ahead yeah if you if you look at the pickle file.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me get.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you take like just look at the picture one, for example, that's the easiest one right that's the first one, I showed you if you go all the way at the bottom.
Faculty Office Hours: The last like 1015 lines of code you're going to see where you save that out to a pickle file, then you see where you load that file you saved it out to your load it right back.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, in the real world, you know you build your model you save your pickle file and that file be packaged up into some kind of package to be used in service to send data and to protect against you know i'm putting all the one script just so you can see it.
Karen Fireman: Right, so we dumped it into the pickle.
Faculty Office Hours: Then there's any low.
Karen Fireman: about that.
Faculty Office Hours: So then, you see where we load that pickle file backup right right, and then you see where we set a list for X like new X variables to predict.
Karen Fireman: How well loaded model rf yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: And then below that.
Karen Fireman: I have like a lead that's nothing.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me leave them a follow on one second.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me get.
Karen Fireman: These files do I have to upload a new version.
Faculty Office Hours: I haven't changed these files at all.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me save.
Karen Fireman: In the wrong spot.
Faculty Office Hours: One second i'm just open the files up, so I can get there.
Karen Fireman: i'm not here, if you want me to show you.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh yeah that's fine that's fine, you will share your screen shot i'll make it easier for me.
Karen Fireman: Can you can you see my screen here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I can alright so right there.
Faculty Office Hours: So go down the bottom of this project.
Karen Fireman: we've dumped it we loaded it.
Faculty Office Hours: makes you to predict.
Karen Fireman: It is lists of string here so.
Faculty Office Hours: that's that list of string so, whatever your so that list of strings so that's just one record that you can just pull one record out of your X.
Faculty Office Hours: And dump in there because, basically, what you're doing there in line and line 78 you're saying take my model I built, which is that model rf that random forest model.
Faculty Office Hours: dump into that file.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, then in the road and then we're saying hey let's load this money back in.
Faculty Office Hours: Right file and then what's predict against it, and this case we're just saying we're sending a list so.
Karen Fireman: This is going to shoot something out I forgot yeah.
Karen Fireman: i'm sorry I forgot that that's with Dr big does okay that's what that's okay i'm sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: No you're fine that's it, so we have these office hours for okay.
Karen Fireman: Thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: And I said, and we have aside do till next Thursday right.
Faculty Office Hours: right person to read, so we have one more office hours so i'm not going now i'm going to stay on the line for another 35 minutes, but I do have to cut it short of a tonight, but um but not sure today, I just have to stop it stops tonight, I have to go do something.
Karen Fireman: Thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: But yeah so that makes sense.
Faculty Office Hours: cool awesome.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, who is not working, I know a couple people have emailed me you one of them being Monica you're having an issue with vs code and I think one other person was having.
me.
Monica A. Harwig: um I got mine actually I started working.
Faculty Office Hours: And I did it.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah everything I figured it out and it's working fine so.
Faculty Office Hours: awesome like.
Karen Fireman: Out of curiosity, what was the problem I may run into that problem.
Monica A. Harwig: It was probably.
Monica A. Harwig: It was hard to on the extra boost file to run the couldn't open up the data set right it wasn't exporting it wasn't importing it from the file.
Monica A. Harwig: And then I in so I finally figured out I just had a mess with and I finally got it to work and then the night, and then, when he when he showed the variables.
Monica A. Harwig: There was a button you push I couldn't find it and then I finally I found it so after that I always.
Faculty Office Hours: Always when you're in the interactive window the variables are the one that looks like this spreadsheet icon and then the restart if you want to restart your terminal that's the one that looks like a recycle little green spinning recycle recycle but, like a rewind kind of thing.
Faculty Office Hours: cool yeah.
Monica A. Harwig: So yeah so it was locking up earlier and I just turned off everything and turn it back on, and then I started I used to different visual studio I was using the one in anaconda and then I just use one down.
Faculty Office Hours: menu.
Monica A. Harwig: And that one work yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Like the other day we had the issue with the anaconda navigator starting your visual studio code, I think we have to start it from the start menu.
Karen Fireman: Thank you yeah thanks for the tips.
Jim Clark: Oh, can you take a take my visual studio code question.
Jim Clark: Absolutely okay.
Faculty Office Hours: I kind of want to make sure if people aren't getting visual studio working.
Faculty Office Hours: code working, I want to make sure we get that done first because I don't want you to be waiting around now here's the thing.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't have to use visual studio code, if you like, spider, if you like, notebooks whatever you know you can use whatever whatever environment you're comfortable with i'm i'm just showing you code, because more and more people I know are using it and it's it's just a really great product.
Jim Clark: Right and thank you, I mean I can I can run these programs in spider and that's that's great I think visual studio has got more flexibility and more powerful so.
Faculty Office Hours: let's show me your dream will get you fixed up all right bye.
Faculty Office Hours: bye.
Faculty Office Hours: Say hi to everybody.
Faculty Office Hours: So everybody How crazy your hair is today misty.
Jim Clark: yeah there you go.
Faculty Office Hours: hi everybody hears all crazy today because i've been crazy me kiss me kiss.
Faculty Office Hours: And she's this week one.
Faculty Office Hours: All right now.
Jim Clark: Okay, so here's here's my.
Jim Clark: MIC a case and until I can get I can get the application up i'm trying to make so the things that i've been trying to do the.
Jim Clark: lecture that I haven't maybe gone through lecture carefully enough but i'm running you know what we've set up with the environment with with conduct you click here, and this is the one that we.
Jim Clark: We think I found to you, so I said.
Jim Clark: Okay i've got.
Faculty Office Hours: Very haven't selected if you.
Faculty Office Hours: notice in the bottom left so you were excited as always bottom left that says that.
Jim Clark: And so what what I find it has given me error message so, then the next thing i'm doing is i'm just chloride clicking and saying just run this current file interact.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so let's do one thing I don't think.
Jim Clark: there's something is that up because it's not still not running so it.
Faculty Office Hours: should go to your left could go to the far left click that right there just so you get some more screen real estate click that that's just going to hide your folders and then.
Faculty Office Hours: The terminal at the bottom let's do this do this just drag it down a little drag it down yeah like great that's perfect so it's running now so your stuff for me.
Faculty Office Hours: it's already ran that's what I would expect to see for that file.
Jim Clark: Okay, so before what was happening was he was giving me an error message just get out of here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah that's because so let's go to the bottom left the settings wheel on the bottom left.
Faculty Office Hours: right there.
Faculty Office Hours: click that and then go to settings second from the top.
Faculty Office Hours: And then see where it says search settings got one more one more above it it's got a little right there type run space or, though, excuse me, send I think it's sin.
Faculty Office Hours: sin sand space selection.
Faculty Office Hours: See right there, it says, since selection after when that window click that little checkbox.
Jim Clark: just got here yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: And then click the X there and close your clothes your settings for your ex not now just like yeah now if you go back to the file thing on the top left little to folder looking notebook up the papers like that.
Faculty Office Hours: And then let's uh let's click like on the pickle one.
Faculty Office Hours: that's gonna be my eyes can't back down down one more.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, click that.
Faculty Office Hours: And then let's just hit the little folder thing the two folders just give us some real estate.
Faculty Office Hours: And so now, if you go down to like import os.
Faculty Office Hours: And then click click on lines 15.
Faculty Office Hours: hits yeah hit shift enter.
Faculty Office Hours: hold on the shift key a dinner.
Faculty Office Hours: See now it's going to run that interactive window for you.
Jim Clark: Okay, so I don't need to tell it every time.
Faculty Office Hours: Now I need to tell it.
Faculty Office Hours: Now, can you shift into nirvana or if you right click.
Faculty Office Hours: And do and so now, if you right click you'll see more options, if you click right click now to stay there, so you know it says run current file run from line and interactive window run selection line in our active window.
Faculty Office Hours: run the line now you have more options, I was just because that wasn't available, though.
Faculty Office Hours: I wasn't selected okay.
Faculty Office Hours: what's weird is.
Faculty Office Hours: I fixed your machine, I thought I selected that and fix that for you when I fixed your machine, the other day, but maybe I did.
Jim Clark: It I I haven't tried it intellectually, I think, but I went through actually went through here this one, you probably can't see it.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, you know what I think I figured this out after I fixed machines I fixed your machine on Tuesday night.
Faculty Office Hours: And then I think.
Faculty Office Hours: I figured this all out on Wednesday.
Jim Clark: But yeah I was thinking that maybe I didn't do all the content installs I.
Faculty Office Hours: know.
Faculty Office Hours: I did I should.
Jim Clark: Tell me, no, no you're you're you know this already interested okay.
Jim Clark: here's some other so T so.
Faculty Office Hours: Now that was the only thing I think I figured out after I fixed number of the 32 bit issue where you had some packet some 32 bit packages and try to go delete a bunch of stuff and then.
Faculty Office Hours: I got it fixed we got it fixed somebody to run them, are you are having issues were some packages or installing some work and had to do with pat and just using 32 bit windows and functions.
Faculty Office Hours: As.
Faculty Office Hours: I haven't run through all of them to make sure they all right.
Jim Clark: yeah Frankenstein Frankenstein.
Karen Fireman: Yes, you.
Faculty Office Hours: Miss me i'm sorry.
Karen Fireman: that's Okay, and then pickle file online i'm 32.
Faculty Office Hours: guys do me a favor is that you're either jail.
Karen Fireman: feel I feel.
Karen Fireman: happy to show you.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, James are you there, so I was gonna let him.
Faculty Office Hours: And you see his screen.
Karen Fireman: yeah yeah so I just wanted you to explain what's going on here.
Karen Fireman: Oh sure yeah where do we see what does that mean, and where did we set that up.
Faculty Office Hours: So the path that joined that's just a function that comes from import os the APP route is a variable that APP route is set in the settings dot php file so Jim do me a favor click the two little notebook of icons the top left again.
Faculty Office Hours: click there and then, if he goes down, where the tour it's highlighted blue right now right where the pickle far right below that you see settings dot P, why.
Faculty Office Hours: it's like that, for me.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's their see that APP route equals osteopath surname that right, that what that is is the APP static, you can ignore that what that is is.
Faculty Office Hours: That one saying hey create me a variable called APP static that's equal to the current path that this Python file is in which is that APP route.
Faculty Office Hours: static and that's just that's just in there, in case you ever wanted to know how to to create variables two different folders with inside your folder.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's what that APP static is but the APP route is the one we're using and what that does is it uses that ospf surname to get the path of where your file is so that underscore underscore file underscore underscore that's just like a an embedded variable in Python that says.
Karen Fireman: hey I don't actually like to see that okay yeah it's an embedded okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's that's just an embedded variable that says, give me my my path and file and then this i'm just using some functions from the os package and Porto asked.
Faculty Office Hours: To get that directory where that files located so if we go back to the pickle file So you see, I sent that variable APP route, so if you go back Jim if you just click down the pickle you can just click right there yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go to the top see right off the top I just mean favorite Jim tops right there, it says from settings.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah just scroll down just.
Faculty Office Hours: See from settings I same from the settings dot P, why you don't have to put poi so it knows from settings and says okay my look for a package called settings or look for a file called settings dot p.
Faculty Office Hours: P lie in the same folder i'm in and then import APP rw APP or is that variable we sent in that setting, so what this does and it allows us to when we call our our file to read in our data set or when we're writing our file out so if you scroll down a little just a.
little bit too soon.
Faculty Office Hours: let's stop right here first see notice, you have 32 scar you're right right there see where we're we're loading the data set and we're saying.
Faculty Office Hours: os path join APP route and then the name of the file, so what that's going to be is like C colon slash so APP route is going to be a folder where this Python file is, and if you notice in the same direct directory I have.
Faculty Office Hours: The data file the csv file so that becomes the folder whatever folder you're your Python file data file is that folder slash wine quality read csv that makes sense.
Karen Fireman: yeah yeah.
Karen Fireman: And then the other version and they're not the APP the other variable would you say that one.
Faculty Office Hours: So that again.
Karen Fireman: Well, in the settings.
Faculty Office Hours: You can ignore that what the APP static is is, if you notice it's like if you go back to settings dot P, why Jim if you don't mind.
Faculty Office Hours: Do you look that i've static is os path join APP route and then started um that's that's just a leftover from me.
Faculty Office Hours: code, so that static would be like, if I have a folder in here called static I could use this APP static vic variable to represent static, so I could take.
Faculty Office Hours: What am I doing next semester, and I wanted to do like an extra folder in there now.
Karen Fireman: Again, the root folder.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so yeah you can put another folder I think what we're doing next year is i'm going to create APP data.
Faculty Office Hours: and create a folder called data and put all the data file into data and then you know now that you're asking these questions, because then it will make sense, because then.
Faculty Office Hours: That variable will become used and you'll see it you'll see it through you'll see APP data and your code and then it's like so what i'll do I think next year is i'll create.
Faculty Office Hours: You know I create the code i'll create a folder called data and probably data files in it and i'll set of ap static i'll have APP.
Faculty Office Hours: Data now, I believe we have static we're going to use we're going to use some of these underlying folders that the settings file around us more than just APP route and a couple weeks, but that's that makes sense, with that is.
Karen Fireman: Just double checking I got this so so if we were to have this other set of that you're going to foist on next year, so so yeah apologies when you do it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Karen Fireman: So our data would be in a sub folder name static, in this case.
Faculty Office Hours: In this case, data correct.
Karen Fireman: Instead of calling a data you'd be calling it static, in this case, and then there are file rp we filed IP Why is in the APP route director, you have.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so like in the pickle file, where I say read the data, instead of using APP route I would use to APP static right.
Karen Fireman: that's not as clear.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so so right.
Faculty Office Hours: There see right there line 32 right now my csv file is in the room, right now, right.
Karen Fireman: I don't know because it would have been somewhere else.
Karen Fireman: story here to.
Karen Fireman: The people storing it.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm just using opportunity.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm just using that group.
Karen Fireman: I guess for now it's easier for me with the accurate okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So I think what I might do just because you appreciate the feedback.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, but I think what I might do going forward for these type of things is create an APP route and like out data and then like APP you know models, or something.
Faculty Office Hours: And then put out, you know, save on our models and they're like APP models, but all the data into a data and put all the you know at the root have all the Python files, maybe something like that so then people can you know see.
Faculty Office Hours: How how you can have multiple data folders just you know because it's just the reality is probably a better practice to do that right to create like a data folder to create like a model folder.
Karen Fireman: And then use either yeah when you do it, how about giving us a little warning because I think it'll mean that none of our stuff will work.
Faculty Office Hours: easily and total i'm not changing anything right now right you're all good don't worry i'm just i'm doing things i'm just thinking out loud right now, so that.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, when I do this next year, you know I might have had more code and do more things i'm always trying to build right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so I think it's I think it'd be a good idea to do it that way, because a then people can look at it and see where there's APP routing the full file and see APP data see at model and then see the things and see what's going on, so.
Faculty Office Hours: So thanks for the feedback, though, because that that that kind of helps it helps me make the class better so and then hopefully this does this make sense, though, the main thing is what I now want to make sure if it made sense what I was do for you what those mean those variables.
Jim Clark: which was also really getting used to is is take him and mastering over anything that might give me some information.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Jim Clark: And so that's something that really helped me the color coloring and starting to make sense to me now.
Jim Clark: But the fact that I can do this and it says oh here's the path for that well that's that's a director i'm working in and that those csv files are there, so I go Okay, so this is a way of checking past names that are weird like that so yeah i'm fighting.
Faculty Office Hours: that's from that pie lance that's that pile and.
Faculty Office Hours: Extension I had you all in.
Faculty Office Hours: All last week on Thursday.
Faculty Office Hours: I knew extend extension Microsoft put out in the last.
Faculty Office Hours: couple months.
Faculty Office Hours: that's why I really like vs code Microsoft is building a lot more stuff into the into the Python coding and vs code.
Jim Clark: So i'm i'm all i'm okay with learning multiple systems i'm going to make sure that out, so I just thought it was not working, it actually was so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah no worries.
cool.
Karen Fireman: Another quick question when you little.
Karen Fireman: Little spreadsheet look at the variables and I Double Click on one of these data frame variables I get you know your your whole thing on the left, but when I Double Click on just an integer variable I get nothing like i'm if I Double Click on on the one that said.
Karen Fireman: Like X or y it's fine, I get the Left, I get the stuff on the left side or data set or whatever, but if I click on the seed, which is just a single number again.
Faculty Office Hours: You won't be like, if you look on the yeah right there is the variable seat and the value is a literal and the value of seven.
Faculty Office Hours: Because that's not.
Karen Fireman: The right side it doesn't need to show me.
Faculty Office Hours: On the interactive and you click the little spreadsheet thing.
Karen Fireman: yeah exactly.
Faculty Office Hours: Like you.
Karen Fireman: click on the show because it's 30 sitting there okay I gotcha.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah Well, no, but if you click on the spreadsheet you should still see see there won't be a little there won't be a little icon So if you go and click the link right.
Karen Fireman: Here you.
Karen Fireman: know I gotta.
Faculty Office Hours: realize Jim is Jim screen So if you go right there.
Jim Clark: That actually helps me, because this is this is this is.
Jim Clark: Reinforcing some things that I did.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you scroll down Jim you know.
Faculty Office Hours: If you look for seed.
Faculty Office Hours: He looked for seed So you see the things that has to stop right there have an icon to the left, why right.
Karen Fireman: Because it's a single.
Faculty Office Hours: Variable at the end.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, but the reason why prediction, and all those those are list, and so the interactive studio the Python interactive window smart enough to know things that are list or non Pio raise you know non pie in the arrays or.
Faculty Office Hours: Panda data frames and those those have multiple rows and columns or at least multiple columns or milk right, and so it says hey I want to show you that data view.
Faculty Office Hours: With things that's just a value like text size point three seed seven it's just going to say here's the name here's the type and here's the value.
Faculty Office Hours: You see what it says, the value of seven yeah yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: gotcha and then, if you click the little the little spreadsheet icon again Jim that'll go away for you, so you can see your real estate and.
Faculty Office Hours: Like I said, like if you had a bunch of like the rain your interactive.
Faculty Office Hours: window you got a bunch of errors and you're like man i'm gonna go fix them rerun it again and get read everything.
Faculty Office Hours: And I want you to write on my variable So if you click the little green like little that thing there and then, if you go to the left and click the little X right there everything cleared I haven't put the little spreadsheet thing again Jim.
Faculty Office Hours: everything's gone.
Faculty Office Hours: We restarted or Colonel.
Karen Fireman: here.
Karen Fireman: got your terminal at the bottom of CA is gone from jim's sheet again tonight.
Karen Fireman: And then suddenly you had those four things at the bottom problems output debug counts console and terminal but they're going again.
Faculty Office Hours: right there.
Karen Fireman: Air oh.
Faculty Office Hours: it's just I just had a move it so it's really a lot smaller so that we can get some real estate Oh, he has a way up there.
Karen Fireman: Oh, it is weight down how did you get back to it when it was disappearing.
Jim Clark: On my screen it's there, I can see it but, but the green box just contain it to.
Jim Clark: A kid might be.
Jim Clark: It might i've got a really wide screen, it may be cutting over at all.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so Jim has to share just Jim has this like 7000 and score live screen so Jim just shares his programs, not the screen because.
Faculty Office Hours: He shares his programs look like little you know look like little icons on the screen and you can't see them.
yeah.
Jim Clark: splurge and bought a 49 inch wide screen so wonderful, for me, but.
Jim Clark: yeah hell is hell, when I shut the whole screen.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's why.
Faculty Office Hours: that's why I have multiple so I have a 34 inch curved screen, but I have two inputs into it so it's split, and so the left side is.
Faculty Office Hours: The Left sides like 1900 by 12 at you know horizontal and then the right sides, the flip of that it's like.
Faculty Office Hours: I want to say it's like 2800 by a half an hour afterwards, but it's actually a portrait mode.
Faculty Office Hours: And so it's real Nice because I can put the code and stuff and the left side, and then I can put.
Faculty Office Hours: Inner explorer I mean the edge not exploring where we're like as your chrome on the right and look up documentation and code on the left, so I can take my one big monitor and split it into two because it has two inputs.
Jim Clark: Right, and so what i'm using mind for is I can put it through different screens that are relatively large I mean i've i've never had so little ice cream.
Faculty Office Hours: When i'm looking at this.
yeah.
Jim Clark: I society issue, I went I bought a.
Jim Clark: macbook pro and I met, I met grow.
Jim Clark: So it'll be about the 15th so it'll hit the magic the magic keyboard and all that so.
Faculty Office Hours: I always want the iPad pro one like just like mine i'll show you i'll show you how to set up a vm if you have any windows.
Jim Clark: Know i'd love to be able to remote into my laptop.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Jim Clark: Because that's that's the only machine I have now that running all the time.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I can I can show you how to make that work.
Jim Clark: That way.
Faculty Office Hours: The other option is if you're willing to pay like 20 bucks a month 1520 bucks a month, you can just set up an azure vm.
Faculty Office Hours: That you get you know, depending on how often you need it like like I do for Class right when I go to class I split up my azure vm in the cloud, which is just a windows 10 pro box.
Faculty Office Hours: With you know certain amount of Ram and all that and then that's what I use for Class because I know exactly what's on there, because I can set it up before class.
Faculty Office Hours: And then show up and then i've done all the work the night before they before and i've got everything ready on it and it's just I just I can start it up from my phone.
Faculty Office Hours: On the portal as report as your APP can start it up for my phone and then I just opened up remote desktop and remote into it yeah.
Jim Clark: i'm lifting know how to do that well.
Jim Clark: that's that wait till after the 15th.
Faculty Office Hours: I get it.
Faculty Office Hours: We also got anything.
Faculty Office Hours: Did y'all get my note about the artificial neural net tensorflow model.
Faculty Office Hours: um.
Karen Fireman: yeah but where are you putting those are you storing those notes somewhere because i'd like to be able to get them in.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go to the campus I just put them as comments in the actual file.
Faculty Office Hours: away so if.
You go there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah if you go to eat campus I actually I updated the zip file, with the new version of that file so that way, if you re download the zip file it's there and then I also.
Karen Fireman: i'm not following you.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries.
Karen Fireman: i'm here on campus.
Faculty Office Hours: And where do you want me to go to see campus right now I see window.
Karen Fireman: Okay, why don't you go, let me see the screen for a second.
Karen Fireman: Oh you're doing it.
Faculty Office Hours: who's sharing screen me, you can share your screen sharing.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so here.
Faculty Office Hours: There we go yeah So if you go into a course notes.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So, and then Prof yep and then week one it's all that's kind of a crazy week one stuff So if you see her I said at the bottom there i've updated and tensorflow that's just the Python file.
Faculty Office Hours: So that that if you just want to get the file and and put that in your already week one folder you can do that so and then there's notes in there, so we can just open up that Python file, I can show you.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: I just put the comments there, so it looks like you already saved at once.
Karen Fireman: Well, I don't know it could be the old name.
Faculty Office Hours: Now it looks like you look you just clicked it you did it at 1:39pm today.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so let me um.
Karen Fireman: you're saying and put it up here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah wherever your week one stuff is because you probably have already you know extracted your stuff so I did two things I updated the zip file for people who haven't downloaded the zip file yet possibly if they did do that they would have the updated file and then.
Karen Fireman: So now you're saying this new file is showing up in this file if I didn't update it at the right time.
Faculty Office Hours: Well now, if you go into if you go into the folder tam new Ms analytics week one right there Double Click that.
Faculty Office Hours: So you can you can drop it in there, oh.
Karen Fireman: I never know how to drop it in here once I get in here, I always have to go up here and then I have to paste it I don't I don't know any other way.
Karen Fireman: It should be in there now.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, this yeah So if you look at that she probably have two copies that file because I see that.
Faculty Office Hours: So yeah parentheses one.
Karen Fireman: I know, but I never know if the old one is the copy That was the updated.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah So if you look down below you have you can delete the bottom there all the way you can delete that one up up up up up.
Karen Fireman: Up sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm sorry if I.
Faculty Office Hours: If I.
Faculty Office Hours: really just go all the way.
Karen Fireman: No, no.
Faculty Office Hours: She looked at the bottom one right below database class be like that was me, you can delete that one that's the one that we can delete that one.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, if you go and open up the top one now if you always talk that's the one year scrap there you go and if you open that went up.
Karen Fireman: We can open.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't know looks like it might have opened and.
Karen Fireman: No, no.
Faculty Office Hours: No, it looks like you may be in.
Faculty Office Hours: A lower open.
Karen Fireman: visual studio i'll have it, I just opened it and.
Faculty Office Hours: I said, if you go to your visual studio you're probably are no.
Karen Fireman: I think I did the wrong thing when.
Faculty Office Hours: you're fine I should go to your visual studio can.
Karen Fireman: yeah sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: He dropped in that folder I think you're already your visual studio code is already open to that folder So if you go in there you'll see if you click your the top left there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah right there click that.
Faculty Office Hours: And so now, you see that red wine that quality and save that right.
That.
Faculty Office Hours: that's the one you just download it and so.
Karen Fireman: I find it.
Faculty Office Hours: Just to the right to open it up.
Faculty Office Hours: it's got your screen split right now, so if you.
Karen Fireman: can close this part right get real estate right.
Faculty Office Hours: And then yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so see it's open over to the right there.
Karen Fireman: Why did you do that.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's just so he can do is you can close out some of these windows and then, and then we can.
Karen Fireman: Then we can real trouble with this, I sort of all the the yeah it's getting a little bit confusing.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I it's just just got a lot oh had to get to it sometimes I just have to.
Karen Fireman: Say well show me.
Faculty Office Hours: All so you'd like close all right there if you wanted to.
Karen Fireman: I didn't really want to, but okay.
Faculty Office Hours: I was just showing you the option, I was necessarily saying.
Karen Fireman: No now this thing is, I think how I got this stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah you don't want to run that well now.
Karen Fireman: What is.
Faculty Office Hours: That that runs into the internal don't use that always use the shift in or highlight and right click and run in the.
Karen Fireman: Okay, all right So yes.
Karen Fireman: So now he's or leave that.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that's so now you're at the right one, so now, if you scroll down a little, and so, if we stop right here.
Faculty Office Hours: I put some notes, right here, so, if you look I kind of put some some cells, so we kind of have to run this so that we can see, so if you go up to the top so just to kind of show you the cells, I put those little they don't highlight.
Karen Fireman: Remember.
Karen Fireman: Oh, we don't have to highlight.
Faculty Office Hours: The highlight scroll scroll to the top a little.
Faculty Office Hours: So I went ahead and remember those little.
Karen Fireman: Remember the cell C empathy sense yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So click run support that first one cell right there right below on 13.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so that worked so now, you can go click the one now there's already moved you down go back up to the next.
Karen Fireman: move me into the next one.
Faculty Office Hours: So great hands on 29.
Faculty Office Hours: OK, so now, so what it did, is that loaded the data.
Faculty Office Hours: Right and so now, if you go and run the next one that's online 57 there at the bottom see move down.
Faculty Office Hours: So now see right there what I showed you right there I did this, I did a couple cells oh so now, I said Look how many classes have one client or data well there's 345678.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, so, if you look at our data we look at our why column it's you know the qualities from like one to 10 but our our our actual data just has 345678.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's what and because it's a number I just did a unique and returned it as array just so you can see Okay, we have classes three through eight.
Karen Fireman: OK.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, if I go let's run the next sale right there line 61.
Faculty Office Hours: So this is.
Faculty Office Hours: What it would look like before look at, so what so it's yeah so so the.
Faculty Office Hours: Online 62 is what we did is we just ran line 63 so in line 62 it says what does our why Paul is look like before one hot encoding and i'm just selecting the top three rows so the top three is have classes of 555 right.
Karen Fireman: So that's her wide it's 555.
Faculty Office Hours: You can also see that in your values, you know, so you see i'm saying so that's your.
Karen Fireman: that's those those well you want a little fast for me to think about what you're saying.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah sure sure sure.
Karen Fireman: So you're saying look at the first three rows and columns and there's only one column so it's five.
Karen Fireman: A category.
Karen Fireman: And what we're we're figuring out about that.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's just saying hey before we want hot and cold our data so right now we just have one why column, and it has a category in there for the one quality, you know one.
Karen Fireman: You want to push those into different columns for each category.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so we want to create what's known as I can remember like we created indicator variables and jump you probably.
Karen Fireman: Remember, Dr Dr Harris class.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah and you probably did the same thing in the summer and Python you know, a call 100 coding So if you run once and maybe Okay, maybe didn't, but if you run a line 65 day that runs sell right above line 65 put that so that to categorical.
Faculty Office Hours: That went and said take those five and create those correct that one hot encoding those indicator type very.
Karen Fireman: is doing this, what row is doing what you're saying.
Faculty Office Hours: that's row 68.
Karen Fireman: The print is doing it.
Faculty Office Hours: So let's do the to categorical is doing it.
Stephanie Pollock: So I man i'm getting an error with that it says to name to categorical is not defined.
Faculty Office Hours: Did it run So if you maybe you didn't run the packages of top so that to categorical comes from up there, see we're stop right there Karen just go down a little bit it's actually a little below that see right there, it says a from tensorflow charisse you chills important to categorical.
Faculty Office Hours: And that's what that to categorical came.
Karen Fireman: From here.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you didn't run that you get that error message about to categorical.
Karen Fireman: Okay, oh.
Faculty Office Hours: what's, this is the only way that we do the including.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah let's just keep walking through this carry your screen and then we'll go back if you're up Monica.
Stephanie Pollock: That said, that or something yeah it's stephanie.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay stephanie yeah let's just keep one thing karen's and then afterwards if you're stopping the air will open your screen up and get your running.
James Kramer: yeah I have some other I have similar issues it's unable to import the tensorflow so anyway.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, maybe it's not installed in your look at your bottom left and make sure the on the bottom far bottom left of your vs code, make sure you're using that bod 689 one.
Karen Fireman: which might say, but we know.
James Kramer: What come back to it let's keep going.
Faculty Office Hours: So, so that line 68 that's that to categorical that's a curious package that says hey take that one column and make those indicator variable So if you look you see now you have 0000001000.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, and so what that is is even though, even though we only had classes three through eight.
Faculty Office Hours: it's going to start at zero so you had 012345 you know it's the ones are in that that fives and then you have 678 right.
Faculty Office Hours: smart enough to look at your data and say Okay, you have values from zero what's the Max eight Okay, some of these zero through eight.
Faculty Office Hours: And these integers is it was looking for these looks for managers to do this, and so okay so since our first three rows you looked at her fives that's all we get those ones in that fifth position does that make sense.
Karen Fireman: It does.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, so we didn't actually make our we didn't actually make our one hot encoding just yet this is just to show us what to do, and if you go down and you're on that.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you scroll down, while that's running Karen just scroll down a.
Faculty Office Hours: Little here yeah we're there to.
Faculty Office Hours: See right there that's where it's building the that's building the artificial neural net.
Faculty Office Hours: Just use your wire and sequential 737 so that we're just doing a full technique already five splits and we're going to shuffle them around states or basically we're going to pull random number of rows.
Faculty Office Hours: out build the model and run us through and do that you know five times as we train so right there if you look in lines 9091 that's actually where we're taking and say and use that to categorical function to split or why trainer why test and create that one hot encoding right so.
Faculty Office Hours: But it does that fit every iteration of the.
Karen Fireman: We just printed it before.
Faculty Office Hours: It just I just put it.
Faculty Office Hours: looks like this is actually where it's setting it to the variable be us what does this right.
Karen Fireman: makes sense and we're creating the one hot encoding right here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah right here's where it's actually being created to be used.
Faculty Office Hours: Not just scroll down a little bit.
Faculty Office Hours: let's just scroll down to get to the next cell let's.
Faculty Office Hours: Just wait to take a few minutes to wait you can't run it yet because it's still run the other one, so this is going to build it's only 4849 50 so it's going to do this five times it'll just take a minute or so.
Karen Fireman: So just while we're waiting for that a quick question, so this is really helpful going through this i'm.
Karen Fireman: supposed to do something with this or hold on to it, oh.
Faculty Office Hours: Just this is just for your knowledge so.
Faculty Office Hours: The series on you.
Faculty Office Hours: This is just showing you if you needed to save out a tensorflow model that you built potential flow and curious, how do you do that, we save it to hdfs file type right, so this is just.
Karen Fireman: Wait a minute what is he.
Faculty Office Hours: will get there it's just it's a different set of a pickle or a job live.
Karen Fireman: In another time.
Faculty Office Hours: it's a data it's a binary data type for saving out these tensorflow models.
Karen Fireman: yeah we heard about one hot encoding in every single class we've been in every single Professor goes through it like we never heard of it before, but this year, the first one who actually had us do it create everybody else he did it for us or told us about it, I mean we.
Faculty Office Hours: had some of the programs just automatically do like trump will automatically do like a categorical variable right gentlemen will automatically take that categorical variable into the outer into the models.
Faculty Office Hours: And when you build them in it, you know, like you run the aggression and you'll see the different categories right right, whereas if you're running it through Python code, you have to actually one hot encoded and create it so that you know can get it right.
Karen Fireman: Okay did it.
Faculty Office Hours: says done training so now.
Faculty Office Hours: So yeah so that's just showing hey we're about 90 almost 91% accurate not bad.
Karen Fireman: If he didn't just.
Faculty Office Hours: get more things we get really good so now because.
Karen Fireman: We actually do here, we printed.
Faculty Office Hours: We just print out the means squared error and the mean absolute error.
Faculty Office Hours: So we just we just we basically looked at our test.
Faculty Office Hours: And compared what what we said we were going to predict when it came out and looked at the the mean absolute error and means squared error and printed out.
Faculty Office Hours: OK, and then so now we're at so now, if we go back up, I think we passed up so.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, so RON maybe not.
Karen Fireman: So, right here.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so scroll down a little so training okay So there we go.
Faculty Office Hours: So see that's just evaluating the model.
Faculty Office Hours: and doing the prediction, so now we right so now if we run this sell this is a waiter predictions.
Faculty Office Hours: So it's 90.8 that's that.
Faculty Office Hours: my eyes are having a hard time with see what i'm looking.
Karen Fireman: At what's the difference between down evaluate and present.
Faculty Office Hours: So evaluate we're evaluating how we did a project for saying here's some here's some.
Faculty Office Hours: Some predict for saying, give us this X test and take the model we built and predict what the output predict what the output would be from that model with this data set evaluate as saying hey look at the.
Faculty Office Hours: evaluation is looking at the.
Faculty Office Hours: The evaluate is looking at.
Faculty Office Hours: What we said what we knew what we thought we should get you know what we should get compared to what we predicted and evaluating the accuracy.
So.
Faculty Office Hours: Thank you, and so, then so that's what those are so then so that's just printer valuation, how do we do, and if we go down here now that's that to that H5 file that's an html5.
Karen Fireman: Which which room.
Faculty Office Hours: Are you wrote, so the next cell wall is 140, so this is like pickle save you know.
Faculty Office Hours: Job line again pickle dump yeah you're on that this is where we're taking and saying hey model that save, save this out to those binary file and then we can use the load model to reload in.
Faculty Office Hours: Our model so now that we can then go to line 155 and pass in two new rows of data and predict against it, so if you go and run.
Karen Fireman: Right i'm sorry what question you saved.
Karen Fireman: But what did you yeah that's the H5 you were talking.
Faculty Office Hours: About so yeah instead of a blog or file, this is a H5 file right makes.
Faculty Office Hours: hdfs file.
Faculty Office Hours: that's what that's what tensorflow care she's is to save out the model.
Karen Fireman: Right i'm sorry okay all right, so, then you go here, and you run this.
Faculty Office Hours: So they run this so this what this does is this thing what I did here is it's a little different I showed you how you can take and send an array of two axes.
Faculty Office Hours: And so you can predict out, so this is where I bring this in class and I had a brain fart and i'm like and I almost 100% positive I could probably go find the video from last year, when I was walking through the same code.
Faculty Office Hours: I had the same brain fart and why am I not seeing one value well it's because we want hot and cold our data, and so what it's doing is predicting the probabilities of that it's class 0123456.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you.
Karen Fireman: Change one.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, if you look at the output on the right, you see, where I have right there leave it just like that that's perfect.
Faculty Office Hours: So, if you look right there you'll see where I did the I did the test new so I set up a non Pio ray of just two X two roses two rows of data and then I run the predict function.
Faculty Office Hours: You know from my model predict that's because I loaded that model in.
Faculty Office Hours: Right and then, although I think I see a problem I should have actually said loaded model.
Faculty Office Hours: we're technically online 162 I should have said loaded underscore model.
Faculty Office Hours: Because right now i'm actually just.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm actually using the model that I created not the loaded model that I loaded a lot on.
Karen Fireman: 40 this should say loaded.
underscore.
Karen Fireman: underscore model yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: and also the common outline 162 yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'll fix that and re upload it and.
Karen Fireman: Then we should say loaded model yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: walk through this because yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: You see, the differences model is what I built above So if you go look when I saved out the H5 file I saved out model that save.
Faculty Office Hours: One quality that online 48 You see, I said I created a variable called loaded model equals load model that H5 file but i'm trying to do down below it 163 is use that model that I saved.
Karen Fireman: We shouldn't be the same if you load it.
Faculty Office Hours: it'll, be it is the exact.
Faculty Office Hours: theory right there's the exact same model but technically what i'm trying to show here is hey I saved this out to a file, I can read load the file and and every you know and to a different variable and use it right.
Karen Fireman: So I see, whereas before you know different variable.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I knew the essence of what I said model i'm just basically using the model I trained above it's the same march i'm not i'm not actually showing where hey this is, you know, this is actually meeting in that binary file and all the stuff you need in there.
Faculty Office Hours: Right and then I heard the same one here you learned the new one.
Faculty Office Hours: God so i'll fix my code and re uploaded and then tell everybody in class Thursday i'm not gonna send another announcement confuse people um 164 so what that does is that those those that line at 164 that's printing out those two rows of nine column 038 right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, if you look, you can see where it predicted that this is going to be five as predicted six for the first one.
Karen Fireman: Seven for the secondary you Where are you looking five.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, and the output.
Faculty Office Hours: And the output to the left.
Karen Fireman: over here to.
Faculty Office Hours: The right, excuse me, I met right i'm sorry carrie I meant to say right.
Karen Fireman: that's okay i'm good i'm not.
Faculty Office Hours: Following the numbers this year is right here.
Karen Fireman: So, six and seven down here.
Faculty Office Hours: These are what you're looking at there, so the that six and seven that's that's six and seven was output it from line 165 the two lines above six and seven for output from line 164.
Faculty Office Hours: So what mine 164 says hey print out that why prediction knew, you did from the predict statement against the model right.
Faculty Office Hours: Right so because it's one hot encoded the data.
Faculty Office Hours: What prints out is the probabilities that of it being one of the being that class right.
Faculty Office Hours: So you don't get back when it whenever it goes and builds a model that says hey I have basically effectively nine y variables and i'm product object and it puts probabilities to them right, and so what happens here is whenever I print out, you can see.
Faculty Office Hours: Where I have 00 So if I go look at that output in the first row that output 000 that's class zero class one class to those are 000.
Faculty Office Hours: In Class three is point oh one class forest point oh three class five is point three five plus five probabilities point four, six that's the biggest one right.
Faculty Office Hours: And then class, you know, six and seven eight those little smaller so that was probably the highest for six and that's why six and then, if you look at the one below that the the probability is actually seven is the highest those aren't necessarily lined up in a row.
Karen Fireman: Right, these are great and.
Faculty Office Hours: Actually, it is, it is, it is it actually is.
Faculty Office Hours: So seven is the highest so what I did is a two things I showed you what the output would be with the one hot encoding because that's what the output from the model with the predict what saves but then I use an umpire Ray called our Max.
Faculty Office Hours: With this X is equal one and what it does, is it says okay go through each each row of that of that array.
Faculty Office Hours: And then return the position that's what art Max says turn the position that's the largest value because that position because of our categories being 03 whatever the position is.
Faculty Office Hours: it's going to return that position that's gonna be our class and so, then I just use the V stack demand to have it.
Faculty Office Hours: turn it and pivot it and output it the same way I see it in a in a data set right so.
Faculty Office Hours: The first one is six the second one is seven.
Faculty Office Hours: Right make sense.
Karen Fireman: yeah yeah Thank you that's very interesting.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, what else we got because I am about out of time.
Faculty Office Hours: anybody else broken i'm actually eight minutes over Tyler I usually don't like to stop it tonight, I have to stop.
Faculty Office Hours: Anybody stuck.
James Kramer: Now I mean I got you know different numbers, then the NAB it I don't know if that's because tensorflow is not working right.
Faculty Office Hours: um let's just let's just share your screen real quick is that James.
Faculty Office Hours: or C yes excellent James.
James Kramer: that's.
Karen Fireman: that's really.
Faculty Office Hours: fun.
Karen Fireman: Yes.
Faculty Office Hours: While you're doing that i'll let you see my.
Faculty Office Hours: My silly hand puppet.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry i'm just getting you ready.
Faculty Office Hours: For your Professor.
Faculty Office Hours: You think that's bad.
Faculty Office Hours: Your next Professor after me that was the second half, he has real puppets.
Faculty Office Hours: I got these because I do the volunteer teaching with high school kids.
Faculty Office Hours: Monday Wednesday Friday and I figured that some of them would find that absolutely corny and goofy but funny you know, I was like a high school teacher.
Faculty Office Hours: High School where your teacher the goofy stuff like that you laughed he thought was corny but deep down you're actually liked it, I thought was funny.
So.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, so show me where you're Okay, let me throw some.
James Kramer: yeah which screen, do you see you see my file it's where I.
Faculty Office Hours: know I saw I saw visual studio code.
James Kramer: Okay cuz it just like when I was looking on our show the right one right.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, and your output looks right it just looks like your numbers were favor and slightly towards like it like you had like six and seven six and six, I think, maybe she had six and seven is that right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah that's just probably them how the model built.
James Kramer: Okay, my my My biggest concern was the down at the bottom that with the problems said it was unable to what this.
Faculty Office Hours: Show me.
Faculty Office Hours: Show me your screen, again, I guess, I missed that I only saw for like a brief second I apologize.
Faculty Office Hours: And i'll show your visual studio code again.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry, no worries.
Faculty Office Hours: ignore that those those are that's the that's the pilot thing, and you can ignore that that problems ignore that that's just that's pilot trying to.
Faculty Office Hours: I get the same message you can ignore that that's that that.
Faculty Office Hours: that's pilot having an issue with the curious stuff it's not really not pilots, the is the weather call a winter and programming so that's trying to do syntax and things like that.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, you can ignore that that so that's why it says unable to import interior says like pilot import error.
Faculty Office Hours: that's that's the pilot having problems trying to what it's trying to do is read that tensorflow charisse models package in.
Faculty Office Hours: so that I can understand the structure of that package so that, when it can give you syntax highlighting and all that.
Faculty Office Hours: So with that message is when you see that pilot and porter you can ignore that that's just that's a bug with pilot package, not being able to.
Faculty Office Hours: Read the structure of that package so that could give you a height syntax highlighting and and you know auto completion and all that that's what that error messages.
James Kramer: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I.
Faculty Office Hours: guarantee you care no Jim clicks the.
Faculty Office Hours: Problems there and then in There probably seen the same for errors, I get the same for us.
Faculty Office Hours: But it's nothing to do with your code being broken or the code networking right.
Faculty Office Hours: it's that pilot package that I had to install to do the syntax highlighting and the inspection of the.
Faculty Office Hours: package so that I can give you autocomplete it just try it and tried to inspect that package to do all that and it just kind of an error.
Faculty Office Hours: So, but basically what that means is when you're trying to to do use that package and write the code up there, and might not do the autocomplete writer and like that, but the code still will be fine.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay anything else.
Faculty Office Hours: Alright i'm going to end in this column day and i'll see everybody in a in a in three.
Faculty Office Hours: three nights Thank you.
Karen Fireman: Thank you so much.
James Kramer: really appreciate it or.
Faculty Office Hours: norris like.